abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/appearance/rncappearance/RNCAppearanceModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.appearance.rncappearance.RNCAppearanceModule
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.appearance.rncappearance.RNCAppearanceModule$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/datetimepicker/RNTimePickerDialogFragment.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.datetimepicker.RNTimePickerDialogFragment
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.datetimepicker.RNTimePickerDialogFragment$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/screens/LifecycleHelper.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.LifecycleHelper
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.LifecycleHelper$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/notifications/ScopedNotificationsCategoriesSerializer.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.notifications.ScopedNotificationsCategoriesSerializer
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/ShakeModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.ShakeModule
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.ShakeModule$1
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/Promise.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.Promise
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/medialibrary/AddAssetsToAlbum.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.AddAssetsToAlbum
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.AddAssetsToAlbum$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/medialibrary/MediaLibraryPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.MediaLibraryPackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapManager
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/sensors/services/PedometerService.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.sensors.services.PedometerService
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/safeareacontext/SafeAreaViewEdges.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.safeareacontext.SafeAreaViewEdges
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/screens/RNScreensPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.RNScreensPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/taskManager/exceptions/InvalidConsumerClassException.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.taskManager.exceptions.InvalidConsumerClassException
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/VersionedUtils.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.VersionedUtils
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/crypto/CryptoPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.crypto.CryptoPackage
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/interfaces/services/UIManager.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.services.UIManager
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.services.UIManager$GroupUIBlock
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.services.UIManager$UIBlock
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.services.UIManager$ViewHolder
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/camera/CameraViewInterface.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.camera.CameraViewInterface
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/RegionChangeEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.RegionChangeEvent
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/LongPressGestureHandler.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.LongPressGestureHandler
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.LongPressGestureHandler$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/ImageReader.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.ImageReader
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.ImageReader$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/JSCallNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.JSCallNode
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/BasePackage.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.BasePackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/ScopedFacebookModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.ScopedFacebookModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/facebook/InterstitialAdManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.InterstitialAdManager
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/BlockNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.BlockNode
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/PathView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.PathView
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/picker/ReactDropdownPickerManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.picker.ReactDropdownPickerManager
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/channels/serializers/NotificationsChannelGroupSerializer.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.channels.serializers.NotificationsChannelGroupSerializer
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/channels/serializers/ExpoNotificationsChannelGroupSerializer.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.channels.serializers.ExpoNotificationsChannelGroupSerializer
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/taskManager/TaskBroadcastReceiver.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.taskManager.TaskBroadcastReceiver
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/contacts/models/UrlAddressModel.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.contacts.models.UrlAddressModel
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/notifications/channels/ScopedNotificationsGroupManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.notifications.channels.ScopedNotificationsGroupManager
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/haptics/arguments/HapticsSelectionType.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.haptics.arguments.HapticsSelectionType
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/sensors/ScopedRotationVectorSensorService.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.sensors.ScopedRotationVectorSensorService
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/screens/ScreenFragment.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenFragment
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/permissions/NotificationPermissionsModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.permissions.NotificationPermissionsModule
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/interfaces/ExpoProp.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.ExpoProp
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapUrlTileManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapUrlTileManager
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/ImageReadable.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.ImageReadable
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/internal/ExponentIntentModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.internal.ExponentIntentModule
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.internal.ExponentIntentModule$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/contacts/Contact.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.contacts.Contact
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/channels/managers/AndroidXNotificationsChannelManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.channels.managers.AndroidXNotificationsChannelManager
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/StyleNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.StyleNode
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/netinfo/ConnectivityReceiver.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.netinfo.ConnectivityReceiver
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/safeareacontext/Rect.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.safeareacontext.Rect
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/player/datasource/SharedCookiesDataSourceFactoryProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.player.datasource.SharedCookiesDataSourceFactoryProvider
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/keepawake/ExpoKeepAwakeManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.keepawake.ExpoKeepAwakeManager
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/facebook/NativeAdModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.NativeAdModule
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/CallFuncNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.CallFuncNode
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/slider/ReactSlider.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.slider.ReactSlider
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.slider.ReactSlider$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.slider.ReactSlider$2
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/modules/PedometerModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.modules.PedometerModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/channels/serializers/NotificationsChannelSerializer.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.channels.serializers.NotificationsChannelSerializer
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapPolygonManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapPolygonManager
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/font/FontManager.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.font.FontManager
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/filesystem/FileSystemModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.filesystem.FileSystemModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.filesystem.FileSystemModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.filesystem.FileSystemModule$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.filesystem.FileSystemModule$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.filesystem.FileSystemModule$4
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.filesystem.FileSystemModule$DownloadResumable
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.filesystem.FileSystemModule$DownloadResumableTask
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.filesystem.FileSystemModule$DownloadResumableTaskParams
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.filesystem.FileSystemModule$ProgressListener
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.filesystem.FileSystemModule$ProgressResponseBody
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.filesystem.FileSystemModule$ProgressResponseBody$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.filesystem.FileSystemModule$UploadType
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/gl/GLCameraObject.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.gl.GLCameraObject
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.gl.GLCameraObject$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/facebook/AdOptionsWrapperView.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.AdOptionsWrapperView
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.AdOptionsWrapperView$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/ExperiencePackagePicker.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.ExperiencePackagePicker
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/badge/SetBadgeCountNotificationEffect.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.badge.SetBadgeCountNotificationEffect
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/payments/stripe/util/ArgCheck.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.util.ArgCheck
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/safeareacontext/SafeAreaContextPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.safeareacontext.SafeAreaContextPackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/RadialGradientView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RadialGradientView
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/taskManager/TaskService.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.taskManager.TaskService
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.taskManager.TaskService$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.taskManager.TaskService$2
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/medialibrary/MediaLibraryUtils.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.MediaLibraryUtils
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.MediaLibraryUtils$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.MediaLibraryUtils$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.MediaLibraryUtils$FileStrategy
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/camera/utils/FileSystemUtils.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.utils.FileSystemUtils
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/mailcomposer/MailComposerPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.mailcomposer.MailComposerPackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/sensors/ScopedLinearAccelerationSensorService.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.sensors.ScopedLinearAccelerationSensorService
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/ScopedModuleRegistryAdapter.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.ScopedModuleRegistryAdapter
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/presentation/builders/CategoryAwareNotificationBuilder.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.presentation.builders.CategoryAwareNotificationBuilder
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/screens/Screen.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.Screen
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.Screen$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.Screen$2
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.Screen$ReplaceAnimation
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.Screen$StackAnimation
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.Screen$StackPresentation
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/PedometerModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.PedometerModule
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.PedometerModule$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.PedometerModule$2
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.PedometerModule$3
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.PedometerModule$4
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.PedometerModule$5
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.PedometerModule$6
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/LineView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.LineView
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/facebook/NativeAdViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.NativeAdViewManager
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/AVManagerInterface.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.AVManagerInterface
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/payments/stripe/util/PayParams.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.util.PayParams
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/print/PrintPDFRenderTask.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.print.PrintPDFRenderTask
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.print.PrintPDFRenderTask$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.print.PrintPDFRenderTask$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.print.PrintPDFRenderTask$2$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.print.PrintPDFRenderTask$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.print.PrintPDFRenderTask$Callbacks
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/triggers/DateTrigger.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.triggers.DateTrigger
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.triggers.DateTrigger$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/datetimepicker/MinuteIntervalSnappableTimePickerDialog.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.datetimepicker.MinuteIntervalSnappableTimePickerDialog
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.datetimepicker.MinuteIntervalSnappableTimePickerDialog$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/localization/LocalizationPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.localization.LocalizationPackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/react/RNGestureHandlerRootViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerRootViewManager
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/location/exceptions/LocationUnauthorizedException.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.exceptions.LocationUnauthorizedException
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/sharedelement/RNSharedElementStyle.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementStyle
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/facedetector/FaceDetector.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.facedetector.FaceDetector
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/installationid/InstallationIdProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.installationid.InstallationIdProvider
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/av/CustomHeadersOkHttpDataSourceFactory.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.av.CustomHeadersOkHttpDataSourceFactory
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/camera/tasks/ResolveTakenPictureAsyncTask.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.tasks.ResolveTakenPictureAsyncTask
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/mailcomposer/MailComposerFileProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.mailcomposer.MailComposerFileProvider
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/GestureHandlerRegistry.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.GestureHandlerRegistry
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/sensors/ScopedSensorEventListener.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.sensors.ScopedSensorEventListener
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/payments/stripe/util/CardFlipAnimator.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.util.CardFlipAnimator
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/MaskView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.MaskView
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/NodesManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.NodesManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.NodesManager$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.NodesManager$2
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.NodesManager$NativeUpdateOperation
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.NodesManager$OnAnimationFrame
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/SensorsPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.SensorsPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/modules/GyroscopeModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.modules.GyroscopeModule
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/LatLngBoundsUtils.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.LatLngBoundsUtils
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/ConcatNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.ConcatNode
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/transitions/SaneSidePropagation.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.transitions.SaneSidePropagation
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/ArgumentsNotificationContentBuilder.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.ArgumentsNotificationContentBuilder
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapUrlTile.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapUrlTile
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapUrlTile$AIRMapUrlTileProvider
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/barcodescanner/utils/BarCodeScannerResultSerializer.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.utils.BarCodeScannerResultSerializer
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/SvgView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.SvgView
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.SvgView$Events
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/categories/serializers/NotificationsCategoriesSerializer.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.categories.serializers.NotificationsCategoriesSerializer
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/Brush.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.Brush
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.Brush$BrushType
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.Brush$BrushUnits
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/interfaces/CodedThrowable.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.CodedThrowable
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/gl/GLContext.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.gl.GLContext
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.gl.GLContext$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.gl.GLContext$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.gl.GLContext$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.gl.GLContext$GLThread
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.gl.GLContext$TakeSnapshot
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/UpdateContext.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.UpdateContext
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/location/LocationHelpers.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.LocationHelpers
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.LocationHelpers$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.LocationHelpers$2
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/filesystem/FilePermissionModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.filesystem.FilePermissionModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/badge/BadgeModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.badge.BadgeModule
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/ClockNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.ClockNode
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/adapters/react/views/ViewGroupManagerAdapter.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.views.ViewGroupManagerAdapter
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/payments/stripe/PayFlow.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.PayFlow
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/print/PrintModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.print.PrintModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.print.PrintModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.print.PrintModule$1$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.print.PrintModule$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.print.PrintModule$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.print.PrintModule$3$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.print.PrintModule$4
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/appauth/AuthTask.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.appauth.AuthTask
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/ScopedReactApplicationContext.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.ScopedReactApplicationContext
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/NativeProxy.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.NativeProxy
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.NativeProxy$AnimationFrameCallback
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.NativeProxy$EventHandler
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/screens/StackFinishTransitioningEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.StackFinishTransitioningEvent
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/updates/UpdatesInterface.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.updates.UpdatesInterface
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/facebook/AdSettingsManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.AdSettingsManager
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/camera/tasks/FaceDetectorTask.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.tasks.FaceDetectorTask
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/gl/GLObject.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.gl.GLObject
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/av/SharedCookiesDataSourceFactory.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.av.SharedCookiesDataSourceFactory
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/admob/AdMobModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/admob/AdMobPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobPackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapGradientPolyline.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapGradientPolyline
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapGradientPolyline$AirMapGradientPolylineProvider
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapGradientPolyline$MutPoint
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/taskManager/Task.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.taskManager.Task
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/internal/ExponentUnsignedAsyncStorageModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.internal.ExponentUnsignedAsyncStorageModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/appauth/AppAuthPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.appauth.AppAuthPackage
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/filesystem/Permission.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.filesystem.Permission
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/imageloader/SimpleSettableFuture.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.imageloader.SimpleSettableFuture
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/cellular/CellularModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.cellular.CellularModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.cellular.CellularModule$CellularGeneration
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/webview/RNCWebViewModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.webview.RNCWebViewModule
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.webview.RNCWebViewModule$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.webview.RNCWebViewModule$2
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.webview.RNCWebViewModule$MimeType
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/device/DeviceModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.device.DeviceModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.device.DeviceModule$DeviceType
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/presentation/builders/BadgeSettingNotificationBuilder.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.presentation.builders.BadgeSettingNotificationBuilder
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/screens/ScreenWillAppearEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenWillAppearEvent
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/admob/PublisherBannerViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.PublisherBannerViewManager
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.PublisherBannerViewManager$Events
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/adapters/react/ReactAdapterPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.ReactAdapterPackage
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/interfaces/DoNotStrip.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.DoNotStrip
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/screens/ScreenContainerViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenContainerViewManager
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/interfaces/InternalModule.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.InternalModule
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/notifications/ScopedNotificationsIdUtils.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.notifications.ScopedNotificationsIdUtils
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/safeareacontext/SerializationUtils.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.safeareacontext.SerializationUtils
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/FontData.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.FontData
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.FontData$AbsoluteFontWeight
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/taskManager/TaskManagerModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.taskManager.TaskManagerModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.taskManager.TaskManagerModule$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/imagemanipulator/FileUtils.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.imagemanipulator.FileUtils
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/analytics/amplitude/AmplitudeModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.analytics.amplitude.AmplitudeModule
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/ViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.ViewManager
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.ViewManager$PropSetterInfo
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.ViewManager$ViewManagerType
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/react/RNGestureHandlerPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/firebase/analytics/FirebaseAnalyticsPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.firebase.analytics.FirebaseAnalyticsPackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/AlwaysNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.AlwaysNode
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/interfaces/Package.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.Package
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/sharedelement/RNSharedElementPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/camera/CameraViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.CameraViewManager
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.CameraViewManager$Events
abi39_0_0/host/exp/expoview/R2.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.expoview.R2
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.expoview.R2$anim
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.expoview.R2$array
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.expoview.R2$attr
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.expoview.R2$bool
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.expoview.R2$color
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.expoview.R2$dimen
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.expoview.R2$drawable
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.expoview.R2$id
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.expoview.R2$integer
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.expoview.R2$layout
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.expoview.R2$menu
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.expoview.R2$plurals
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.expoview.R2$string
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.expoview.R2$style
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.expoview.R2$styleable
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/ExpoTurboPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.ExpoTurboPackage
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.ExpoTurboPackage$1
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/adapters/react/ArgumentsHelper.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.ArgumentsHelper
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.ArgumentsHelper$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/haptics/arguments/HapticsInvalidArgumentException.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.haptics.arguments.HapticsInvalidArgumentException
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/barcodescanner/scanners/ZxingBarCodeScanner.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.scanners.ZxingBarCodeScanner
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.scanners.ZxingBarCodeScanner$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.scanners.ZxingBarCodeScanner$2
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sharing/SharingModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sharing.SharingModule
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapCircleManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapCircleManager
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/network/NetworkPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.network.NetworkPackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/safeareacontext/SafeAreaView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.safeareacontext.SafeAreaView
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.safeareacontext.SafeAreaView$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/device/DevicePackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.device.DevicePackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/admob/AdMobBannerViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobBannerViewManager
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobBannerViewManager$Events
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/intentlauncher/exceptions/ActivityAlreadyStartedException.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.intentlauncher.exceptions.ActivityAlreadyStartedException
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/picker/PickerItemSelectEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.picker.PickerItemSelectEvent
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/viewpager/ReactViewPagerManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.viewpager.ReactViewPagerManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.viewpager.ReactViewPagerManager$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/lineargradient/LinearGradientView.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.lineargradient.LinearGradientView
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/random/RandomPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.random.RandomPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/imagemanipulator/ImageManipulatorModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.imagemanipulator.ImageManipulatorModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.imagemanipulator.ImageManipulatorModule$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/ViewConfigurationHelper.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.ViewConfigurationHelper
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/slider/ReactSlidingCompleteEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.slider.ReactSlidingCompleteEvent
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/payments/stripe/RedirectUriReceiver.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.RedirectUriReceiver
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/haptics/arguments/HapticsNotificationType.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.haptics.arguments.HapticsNotificationType
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/facedetector/FaceDetectionUnspecifiedError.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.facedetector.FaceDetectionUnspecifiedError
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/netinfo/types/CellularGeneration.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.netinfo.types.CellularGeneration
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/UseView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.UseView
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/TextView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TextView
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/imagemanipulator/arguments/SaveOptions.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.imagemanipulator.arguments.SaveOptions
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/services/MagnetometerService.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.services.MagnetometerService
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/transitions/ChangeTransition.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.transitions.ChangeTransition
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/interfaces/Arguments.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.Arguments
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/admob/AdMobUtils.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobUtils
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/speech/SpeechModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.speech.SpeechModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.speech.SpeechModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.speech.SpeechModule$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.speech.SpeechModule$2$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/firebase/core/FirebaseCoreOptions.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.firebase.core.FirebaseCoreOptions
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/ScopedFileSystemModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.ScopedFileSystemModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/services/LinearAccelerationSensorService.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.services.LinearAccelerationSensorService
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapPolyline.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapPolyline
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/LinearGradientManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.LinearGradientManager
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/RotationGestureDetector.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.RotationGestureDetector
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.RotationGestureDetector$OnRotationGestureListener
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/notifications/ScopedExpoNotificationPresentationModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.notifications.ScopedExpoNotificationPresentationModule
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.notifications.ScopedExpoNotificationPresentationModule$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.notifications.ScopedExpoNotificationPresentationModule$2
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.notifications.ScopedExpoNotificationPresentationModule$3
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.notifications.ScopedExpoNotificationPresentationModule$DismissNotificationFunction
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/transitions/TransitionModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.transitions.TransitionModule
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.transitions.TransitionModule$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/appearance/ExpoAppearancePackage.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.appearance.ExpoAppearancePackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/RectView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RectView
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/webbrowser/error/NoPreferredPackageFound.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.webbrowser.error.NoPreferredPackageFound
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sms/SMSPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sms.SMSPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/video/VideoTextureView.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.VideoTextureView
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/webbrowser/error/PackageManagerNotFoundException.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.webbrowser.error.PackageManagerNotFoundException
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/viewshot/DebugViews.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.viewshot.DebugViews
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapWMSTileManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapWMSTileManager
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/notifications/ScopedNotificationScheduler.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.notifications.ScopedNotificationScheduler
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.notifications.ScopedNotificationScheduler$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.notifications.ScopedNotificationScheduler$2
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.notifications.ScopedNotificationScheduler$3
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/VirtualView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.VirtualView
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.VirtualView$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/AVManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.AVManager
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.AVManager$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.AVManager$10
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.AVManager$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.AVManager$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.AVManager$4
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.AVManager$5
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.AVManager$6
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.AVManager$7
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.AVManager$8
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.AVManager$9
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.AVManager$AudioInterruptionMode
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.AVManager$VideoViewCallback
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/presentation/effects/BaseNotificationEffect.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.presentation.effects.BaseNotificationEffect
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapOverlayManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapOverlayManager
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/utilities/FileUtilities.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.utilities.FileUtilities
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/ImageUtil.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.ImageUtil
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/notifications/channels/ScopedGroupSerializer.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.notifications.channels.ScopedGroupSerializer
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/ViewChangesTracker.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.ViewChangesTracker
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.ViewChangesTracker$1
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/facedetector/FaceDetectionError.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.facedetector.FaceDetectionError
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/backgroundfetch/BackgroundFetchTaskConsumer.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.backgroundfetch.BackgroundFetchTaskConsumer
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.backgroundfetch.BackgroundFetchTaskConsumer$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/firebase/core/FirebaseCorePackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.firebase.core.FirebaseCorePackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/react/RNGestureHandlerStateChangeEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerStateChangeEvent
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/medialibrary/CreateAlbum.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.CreateAlbum
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.CreateAlbum$1
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/adapters/react/ReactModuleRegistryProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.ReactModuleRegistryProvider
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/video/FullscreenVideoPlayerPresentationChangeListener.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.FullscreenVideoPlayerPresentationChangeListener
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/battery/BatteryPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.battery.BatteryPackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/sharedelement/RNSharedElementView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementView
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementView$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/imagemanipulator/arguments/ActionResize.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.imagemanipulator.arguments.ActionResize
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/filesystem/FileSystemFileProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.filesystem.FileSystemFileProvider
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/cognito/RNAWSCognitoModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.cognito.RNAWSCognitoModule
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/TextPathView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TextPathView
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/channels/managers/NotificationsChannelGroupManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.channels.managers.NotificationsChannelGroupManager
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/adapters/react/PromiseWrapper.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.PromiseWrapper
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/contacts/models/PhoneNumberModel.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.contacts.models.PhoneNumberModel
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/video/FullscreenVideoPlayer.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.FullscreenVideoPlayer
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.FullscreenVideoPlayer$KeepScreenOnUpdater
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/lineargradient/LinearGradientPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.lineargradient.LinearGradientPackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapPolygon.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapPolygon
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/camera/CameraPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.CameraPackage
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/interfaces/Function.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.Function
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/location/LocationActivityResultListener.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.LocationActivityResultListener
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/Utils.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.Utils
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/TextLayoutAlgorithm.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TextLayoutAlgorithm
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TextLayoutAlgorithm$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TextLayoutAlgorithm$1CharacterPositioningResolver
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TextLayoutAlgorithm$1TextLengthResolver
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TextLayoutAlgorithm$CharacterInformation
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TextLayoutAlgorithm$LayoutInput
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/channels/AbstractNotificationsChannelsProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.channels.AbstractNotificationsChannelsProvider
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/adapters/react/ModuleRegistryReadyNotifier.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.ModuleRegistryReadyNotifier
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapCallout.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapCallout
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/firebase/core/FirebaseCoreModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.firebase.core.FirebaseCoreModule
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/slider/ReactSliderManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.slider.ReactSliderManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.slider.ReactSliderManager$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.slider.ReactSliderManager$ReactSliderShadowNode
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/URLHandlerModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.URLHandlerModule
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/notifications/channels/ScopedNotificationsChannelManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.notifications.channels.ScopedNotificationsChannelManager
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/interfaces/JavaScriptContextProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.JavaScriptContextProvider
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/MapsPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.MapsPackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/PropsNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.PropsNode
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.PropsNode$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/SoundResolver.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.SoundResolver
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/ReanimatedPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.ReanimatedPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/location/LocationModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.LocationModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.LocationModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.LocationModule$OnResultListener
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/sensors/services/MagnetometerService.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.sensors.services.MagnetometerService
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/application/ApplicationModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.application.ApplicationModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.application.ApplicationModule$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/modules/BarometerModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.modules.BarometerModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/video/MediaController.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.MediaController
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.MediaController$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.MediaController$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.MediaController$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.MediaController$4
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.MediaController$5
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.MediaController$MessageHandler
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/sharedelement/RNSharedElementNodeManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementNodeManager
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/webview/WebViewConfig.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.webview.WebViewConfig
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/taskManager/Utils.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.taskManager.Utils
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/mailcomposer/MailComposerModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.mailcomposer.MailComposerModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/camera/tasks/FaceDetectorAsyncTaskDelegate.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.tasks.FaceDetectorAsyncTaskDelegate
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/screens/ScreenDisappearEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenDisappearEvent
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/Node.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.Node
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/location/exceptions/LocationRequestRejectedException.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.exceptions.LocationRequestRejectedException
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/localization/LocalizationModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.localization.LocalizationModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/facedetector/tasks/FileFaceDetectionCompletionListener.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.facedetector.tasks.FileFaceDetectionCompletionListener
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapLocalTileManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapLocalTileManager
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/services/BarometerService.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.services.BarometerService
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/adapters/react/services/RuntimeEnvironmentModule.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.services.RuntimeEnvironmentModule
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.services.RuntimeEnvironmentModule$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/webbrowser/WebBrowserModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.webbrowser.WebBrowserModule
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/screens/ScreenStackHeaderConfig.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenStackHeaderConfig
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenStackHeaderConfig$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenStackHeaderConfig$2
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/facebook/FacebookPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.facebook.FacebookPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/facedetector/FaceDetectorPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.facedetector.FaceDetectorPackage
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/facedetector/FaceDetectionSkipped.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.facedetector.FaceDetectionSkipped
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/payments/stripe/GoogleApiPayFlowImpl.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.GoogleApiPayFlowImpl
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.GoogleApiPayFlowImpl$1
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/ModuleRegistryProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.ModuleRegistryProvider
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/notifications/channels/ScopedChannelSerializer.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.notifications.channels.ScopedChannelSerializer
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/sensors/ScopedAccelerometerService.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.sensors.ScopedAccelerometerService
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sqlite/SQLitePackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sqlite.SQLitePackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/sharedelement/RNSharedElementTransition.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementTransition
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementTransition$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementTransition$2
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementTransition$3
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementTransition$Item
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/location/services/LocationTaskService.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.services.LocationTaskService
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.services.LocationTaskService$ServiceBinder
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/player/MediaPlayerData.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.player.MediaPlayerData
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.player.MediaPlayerData$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.player.MediaPlayerData$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.player.MediaPlayerData$2$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/RenderableViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$2
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$CircleViewManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$ClipPathViewManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$DefsViewManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$EllipseViewManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$ForeignObjectManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$GroupViewManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$ImageViewManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$LineViewManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$LinearGradientManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$MarkerManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$MaskManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$MatrixDecompositionContext
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$PathViewManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$PatternManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$RadialGradientManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$RectViewManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$RenderableShadowNode
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$SVGClass
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$SymbolManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$TSpanViewManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$TextPathViewManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$TextViewManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableViewManager$UseViewManager
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/channels/managers/AndroidXNotificationsChannelGroupManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.channels.managers.AndroidXNotificationsChannelGroupManager
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/notifications/ScopedNotificationsEmitter.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.notifications.ScopedNotificationsEmitter
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/ReactUnthemedRootView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.ReactUnthemedRootView
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/triggers/DailyTrigger.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.triggers.DailyTrigger
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.triggers.DailyTrigger$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/sensors/ScopedGravitySensorService.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.sensors.ScopedGravitySensorService
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/SetNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.SetNode
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/react/RNGestureHandlerInteractionManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerInteractionManager
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/interfaces/ActivityEventListener.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.ActivityEventListener
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/permissions/PermissionsStatus.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.permissions.PermissionsStatus
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/analytics/segment/SegmentPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.analytics.segment.SegmentPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/calendar/CalendarPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.calendar.CalendarPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/imagemanipulator/arguments/SaveOptionsFormat.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.imagemanipulator.arguments.SaveOptionsFormat
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/camera/CameraViewHelper.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.CameraViewHelper
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/TapGestureHandler.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.TapGestureHandler
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.TapGestureHandler$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/sharedelement/RNSharedElementNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementNode
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementNode$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementNode$2
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RetryRunnable
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/ReanimatedJSIModulePackage.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.ReanimatedJSIModulePackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/imagemanipulator/ImageManipulatorPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.imagemanipulator.ImageManipulatorPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/firebase/core/FirebaseCoreService.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.firebase.core.FirebaseCoreService
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapView
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapView$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapView$10
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapView$11
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapView$12
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapView$13
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapView$14
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapView$15
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapView$16
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapView$2
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapView$3
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapView$4
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapView$5
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapView$6
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapView$7
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapView$8
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapView$9
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/sharedelement/RNSharedElementTypes.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementAlign
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementAnimation
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementResize
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/datetimepicker/RNDatePickerDisplay.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.datetimepicker.RNDatePickerDisplay
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/channels/NotificationChannelManagerModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.channels.NotificationChannelManagerModule
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/webview/RNCWebViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.webview.RNCWebViewManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.webview.RNCWebViewManager$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.webview.RNCWebViewManager$2
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.webview.RNCWebViewManager$3
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.webview.RNCWebViewManager$4
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.webview.RNCWebViewManager$RNCWebChromeClient
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.webview.RNCWebViewManager$RNCWebView
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.webview.RNCWebViewManager$RNCWebView$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.webview.RNCWebViewManager$RNCWebView$ProgressChangedFilter
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.webview.RNCWebViewManager$RNCWebView$RNCWebViewBridge
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.webview.RNCWebViewManager$RNCWebViewClient
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/calendar/EventNotSavedException.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.calendar.EventNotSavedException
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/barcodescanner/ExpoBarCodeScanner.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.ExpoBarCodeScanner
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.ExpoBarCodeScanner$CameraInfoWrapper
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/player/datasource/DataSourceFactoryProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.player.datasource.DataSourceFactoryProvider
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/location/taskConsumers/GeofencingTaskConsumer.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.taskConsumers.GeofencingTaskConsumer
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/viewshot/ViewShot.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.viewshot.ViewShot
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.viewshot.ViewShot$Formats
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.viewshot.ViewShot$Results
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.viewshot.ViewShot$ReusableByteArrayOutputStream
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/video/VideoView.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.VideoView
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.VideoView$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.VideoView$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.VideoView$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.VideoView$4
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.VideoView$5
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/presentation/builders/BaseNotificationBuilder.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.presentation.builders.BaseNotificationBuilder
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/AudioEventHandler.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.AudioEventHandler
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/adapters/react/ModuleRegistryAdapter.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.ModuleRegistryAdapter
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.ModuleRegistryAdapter$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/medialibrary/GetAssetInfo.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.GetAssetInfo
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/appearance/rncappearance/RNCAppearancePackage.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.appearance.rncappearance.RNCAppearancePackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/gl/GLObjectManagerModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.gl.GLObjectManagerModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.gl.GLObjectManagerModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.gl.GLObjectManagerModule$1$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.gl.GLObjectManagerModule$2
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/errors/CurrentActivityNotFoundException.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.errors.CurrentActivityNotFoundException
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapMarkerManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapMarkerManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapMarkerManager$AirMapMarkerSharedIcon
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/medialibrary/DeleteAssets.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.DeleteAssets
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/screens/ScreenStackHeaderSubviewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenStackHeaderSubviewManager
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/DebugNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.DebugNode
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/EllipseView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.EllipseView
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/screens/ScreenContainer.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenContainer
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenContainer$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenContainer$2
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenContainer$3
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/ExponentPackageDelegate.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.ExponentPackageDelegate
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/appauth/UnsafeConnectionBuilder.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.appauth.UnsafeConnectionBuilder
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/sensors/ScopedMagnetometerUncalibratedService.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.sensors.ScopedMagnetometerUncalibratedService
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/modules/DeviceMotionModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.modules.DeviceMotionModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.modules.DeviceMotionModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.modules.DeviceMotionModule$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.modules.DeviceMotionModule$DispatchEventRunnable
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.modules.DeviceMotionModule$ScheduleDispatchFrameCallback
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.modules.DeviceMotionModule$ScheduleDispatchFrameCallback$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/camera/utils/ImageDimensions.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.utils.ImageDimensions
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/ClockOpNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.ClockOpNode
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.ClockOpNode$ClockStartNode
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.ClockOpNode$ClockStopNode
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.ClockOpNode$ClockTestNode
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/datetimepicker/ReflectionHelper.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.datetimepicker.ReflectionHelper
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/print/PrintPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.print.PrintPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/webbrowser/CustomTabsConnectionHelper.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.webbrowser.CustomTabsConnectionHelper
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/cellular/CellularPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.cellular.CellularPackage
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/errors/InvalidArgumentException.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.errors.InvalidArgumentException
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/services/SensorServiceSubscription.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.services.SensorServiceSubscription
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/sensors/ScopedMagnetometerService.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.sensors.ScopedMagnetometerService
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/OnTouchEventListener.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.OnTouchEventListener
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/services/RotationVectorSensorService.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.services.RotationVectorSensorService
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/services/GyroscopeService.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.services.GyroscopeService
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/appauth/AppAuthModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.appauth.AppAuthModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.appauth.AppAuthModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.appauth.AppAuthModule$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.appauth.AppAuthModule$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.appauth.AppAuthModule$4
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/facebook/BannerViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.BannerViewManager
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/haptics/arguments/HapticsImpactType.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.haptics.arguments.HapticsImpactType
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/ClipPathView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.ClipPathView
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/interfaces/RuntimeEnvironmentInterface.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.RuntimeEnvironmentInterface
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.RuntimeEnvironmentInterface$PlatformVersion
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/updates/UpdatesService.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.updates.UpdatesService
abi39_0_0/com/facebook/react/views/modal/RNGHModalUtils.java
 abi39_0_0.com.facebook.react.views.modal.RNGHModalUtils
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/SvgPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.SvgPackage
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/adapters/react/services/UIManagerModuleWrapper.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.services.UIManagerModuleWrapper
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.services.UIManagerModuleWrapper$1
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.services.UIManagerModuleWrapper$2
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.services.UIManagerModuleWrapper$2$1
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.services.UIManagerModuleWrapper$3
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.services.UIManagerModuleWrapper$4
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/webbrowser/CustomTabsActivitiesHelper.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.webbrowser.CustomTabsActivitiesHelper
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/AVModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.AVModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/contacts/models/PostalAddressModel.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.contacts.models.PostalAddressModel
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/taskManager/TaskManagerUtils.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.taskManager.TaskManagerUtils
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.taskManager.TaskManagerUtils$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/react/RNGestureHandlerRootView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerRootView
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/contacts/models/EmailModel.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.contacts.models.EmailModel
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/brightness/BrightnessPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.brightness.BrightnessPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/barcodescanner/utils/FrameFactory.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.utils.FrameFactory
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/contacts/models/RelationshipModel.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.contacts.models.RelationshipModel
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/react/RNGestureHandlerModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerModule
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerModule$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerModule$2
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerModule$FlingGestureHandlerFactory
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerModule$HandlerFactory
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerModule$LongPressGestureHandlerFactory
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerModule$NativeViewGestureHandlerFactory
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerModule$PanGestureHandlerFactory
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerModule$PinchGestureHandlerFactory
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerModule$RotationGestureHandlerFactory
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerModule$TapGestureHandlerFactory
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/notifications/ScopedExpoNotificationCategoriesModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.notifications.ScopedExpoNotificationCategoriesModule
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.notifications.ScopedExpoNotificationCategoriesModule$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/haptics/HapticsModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.haptics.HapticsModule
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/PropHelper.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.PropHelper
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.PropHelper$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/facebook/FacebookModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.facebook.FacebookModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.facebook.FacebookModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.facebook.FacebookModule$2
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/BezierNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.BezierNode
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.BezierNode$CubicBezierInterpolator
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/channels/managers/NotificationsChannelManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.channels.managers.NotificationsChannelManager
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/adapters/react/NativeModulesProxy.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.NativeModulesProxy
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/tokens/PushTokenModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.tokens.PushTokenModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.tokens.PushTokenModule$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/datetimepicker/RNDismissableTimePickerDialog.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.datetimepicker.RNDismissableTimePickerDialog
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/webview/RNCWebViewFileProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.webview.RNCWebViewFileProvider
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/taskManager/TaskJobService.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.taskManager.TaskJobService
abi39_0_0/host/exp/expoview/BuildConfig.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.expoview.BuildConfig
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/arguments/ReadableArguments.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.arguments.ReadableArguments
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/font/FontLoaderPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.font.FontLoaderPackage
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/ArgumentsHelper.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.ArgumentsHelper
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapPolylineManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapPolylineManager
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/GroupView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.GroupView
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/safeareacontext/InsetsChangeEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.safeareacontext.InsetsChangeEvent
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/services/BaseSensorService.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.services.BaseSensorService
abi39_0_0/com/facebook/react/uimanager/UIManagerReanimatedHelper.java
 abi39_0_0.com.facebook.react.uimanager.UIManagerReanimatedHelper
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/ExpoModuleRegistryAdapter.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.ExpoModuleRegistryAdapter
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/safeareacontext/EdgeInsets.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.safeareacontext.EdgeInsets
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/facebook/BannerView.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.BannerView
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.BannerView$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/react/RNGestureHandlerEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerEvent
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/BaseGestureHandlerInteractionController.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.BaseGestureHandlerInteractionController
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/gl/GLViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.gl.GLViewManager
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/screens/ScreenStackFragment.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenStackFragment
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenStackFragment$NotifyingCoordinatorLayout
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenStackFragment$NotifyingCoordinatorLayout$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/battery/BatteryStateReceiver.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.battery.BatteryStateReceiver
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/ExponentPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.ExponentPackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/FileUtil.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.FileUtil
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/triggers/TimeIntervalTrigger.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.triggers.TimeIntervalTrigger
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.triggers.TimeIntervalTrigger$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/netinfo/NetInfoUtils.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.netinfo.NetInfoUtils
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/MarkerView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.MarkerView
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/netinfo/NetworkCallbackConnectivityReceiver.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.netinfo.NetworkCallbackConnectivityReceiver
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.netinfo.NetworkCallbackConnectivityReceiver$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.netinfo.NetworkCallbackConnectivityReceiver$ConnectivityNetworkCallback
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/speech/LanguageUtils.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.speech.LanguageUtils
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/picker/RNCPickerPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.picker.RNCPickerPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/facebook/NativeAdView.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.NativeAdView
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/video/VideoViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.VideoViewManager
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.VideoViewManager$Events
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.VideoViewManager$FullscreenPlayerUpdate
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/PatternView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.PatternView
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/TSpanView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TSpanView
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TSpanView$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/payments/stripe/util/Fun0.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.util.Fun0
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/TransformNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.TransformNode
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.TransformNode$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.TransformNode$AnimatedTransformConfig
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.TransformNode$StaticTransformConfig
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.TransformNode$TransformConfig
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/camera/CameraModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.CameraModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.CameraModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.CameraModule$1$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.CameraModule$1$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.CameraModule$1$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.CameraModule$1$4
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.CameraModule$1$5
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.CameraModule$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.CameraModule$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.CameraModule$4
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.CameraModule$5
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.CameraModule$6
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.CameraModule$7
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.CameraModule$8
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/camera/ExpoCameraView.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.ExpoCameraView
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.ExpoCameraView$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/network/NetworkModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.network.NetworkModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.network.NetworkModule$NetworkStateType
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maskedview/RNCMaskedViewPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maskedview.RNCMaskedViewPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/imagemanipulator/arguments/Action.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.imagemanipulator.arguments.Action
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/contacts/EXColumns.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.contacts.EXColumns
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/contacts/models/ImAddressModel.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.contacts.models.ImAddressModel
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/barcodescanner/BarCodeScannedEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannedEvent
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/datetimepicker/RNTimePickerDisplay.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.datetimepicker.RNTimePickerDisplay
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/facebook/AdsFacebookPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.AdsFacebookPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/services/SubscribableSensorService.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.services.SubscribableSensorService
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/payments/stripe/OpenBrowserActivity.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.OpenBrowserActivity
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sharing/SharingPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sharing.SharingPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/gl/GLView.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.gl.GLView
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.gl.GLView$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.gl.GLView$1$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/battery/BatteryLevelReceiver.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.battery.BatteryLevelReceiver
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/SVGLength.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.SVGLength
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.SVGLength$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.SVGLength$UnitType
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/facebook/NativeAdManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.NativeAdManager
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.NativeAdManager$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.NativeAdManager$1$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.NativeAdManager$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.NativeAdManager$3
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/appearance/ExpoAppearanceModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.appearance.ExpoAppearanceModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/admob/AdMobRewardedVideoAdModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobRewardedVideoAdModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobRewardedVideoAdModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobRewardedVideoAdModule$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobRewardedVideoAdModule$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobRewardedVideoAdModule$Events
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/AudioFocusNotAcquiredException.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.AudioFocusNotAcquiredException
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/EventNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.EventNode
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.EventNode$EventMap
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/screens/ScreenWillDisappearEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenWillDisappearEvent
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/RNSVGRenderableManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RNSVGRenderableManager
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/safeareacontext/SafeAreaProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.safeareacontext.SafeAreaProvider
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.safeareacontext.SafeAreaProvider$OnInsetsChangeListener
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/channels/AndroidXNotificationsChannelsProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.channels.AndroidXNotificationsChannelsProvider
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/LinearGradientView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.LinearGradientView
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/updates/UpdatesPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.updates.UpdatesPackage
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/imageloader/ImageLoader.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.imageloader.ImageLoader
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.imageloader.ImageLoader$ResultListener
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/location/taskConsumers/LocationTaskConsumer.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.taskConsumers.LocationTaskConsumer
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.taskConsumers.LocationTaskConsumer$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.taskConsumers.LocationTaskConsumer$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.taskConsumers.LocationTaskConsumer$3
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/DefsView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.DefsView
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/sensors/BaseSensorService.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.sensors.BaseSensorService
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/lottie/LottiePackage.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.lottie.LottiePackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/safeareacontext/SafeAreaViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.safeareacontext.SafeAreaViewManager
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/ScopedAmplitudeModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.ScopedAmplitudeModule
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/barcodescanner/BarCodeScannerSettingsKey.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannerSettingsKey
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/securestore/SecureStoreModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.securestore.SecureStoreModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.securestore.SecureStoreModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.securestore.SecureStoreModule$AESEncrypter
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.securestore.SecureStoreModule$HybridAESEncrypter
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.securestore.SecureStoreModule$KeyBasedEncrypter
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.securestore.SecureStoreModule$LegacySDK20Encrypter
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/sensors/SensorSubscription.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.sensors.SensorSubscription
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/picker/ReactPickerManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.picker.ReactPickerManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.picker.ReactPickerManager$PickerEventEmitter
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.picker.ReactPickerManager$ReactPickerAdapter
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/barcodescanner/BarCodeScannerModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannerModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannerModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannerModule$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannerModule$2$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannerModule$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannerModule$3$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/emitting/NotificationsEmitter.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.emitting.NotificationsEmitter
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/interfaces/services/KeepAwakeManager.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.services.KeepAwakeManager
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/barcodescanner/BarCodeScannerResult.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannerResult
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/barcodescanner/BarCodeScannerProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannerProvider
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/CondNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.CondNode
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/ModuleRegistry.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.ModuleRegistry
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/sensors/services/LinearAccelerationSensorService.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.sensors.services.LinearAccelerationSensorService
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/player/datasource/SharedCookiesDataSourceFactory.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.player.datasource.SharedCookiesDataSourceFactory
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapWMSTile.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapWMSTile
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapWMSTile$AIRMapGSUrlTileProvider
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/interfaces/ExpoMethod.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.ExpoMethod
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/notifications/ScopedNotificationsHandler.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.notifications.ScopedNotificationsHandler
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/screens/ScreenAppearEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenAppearEvent
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/contacts/models/DateModel.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.contacts.models.DateModel
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/GestureHandlerOrchestrator.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.GestureHandlerOrchestrator
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.GestureHandlerOrchestrator$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/react/RNGestureHandlerEnabledRootView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerEnabledRootView
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/picker/ReactPicker.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.picker.ReactPicker
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.picker.ReactPicker$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.picker.ReactPicker$2
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.picker.ReactPicker$OnSelectListener
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/triggers/ChannelAwareTrigger.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.triggers.ChannelAwareTrigger
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.triggers.ChannelAwareTrigger$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/video/VideoViewWrapper.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.VideoViewWrapper
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.VideoViewWrapper$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/payments/stripe/util/Utils.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.util.Utils
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/facebook/AdIconViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.AdIconViewManager
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/KeepAwakeModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.KeepAwakeModule
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.KeepAwakeModule$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.KeepAwakeModule$2
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/screens/ScreenStackViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenStackViewManager
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/errors/CodedException.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.errors.CodedException
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/font/FontLoaderModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.font.FontLoaderModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/documentpicker/DocumentPickerPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.documentpicker.DocumentPickerPackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/PinchGestureHandler.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.PinchGestureHandler
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.PinchGestureHandler$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/PointerEventsConfig.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.PointerEventsConfig
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/contacts/ContactsPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.contacts.ContactsPackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/viewpager/RNCViewPagerPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.viewpager.RNCViewPagerPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/securestore/SecureStorePackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.securestore.SecureStorePackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/keepawake/KeepAwakePackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.keepawake.KeepAwakePackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/modules/MagnetometerModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.modules.MagnetometerModule
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/viewpager/event/PageScrollStateChangedEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.viewpager.event.PageScrollStateChangedEvent
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/installationid/InstallationId.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.installationid.InstallationId
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/safeareacontext/SafeAreaViewShadowNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.safeareacontext.SafeAreaViewShadowNode
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/interfaces/services/EventEmitter.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.services.EventEmitter
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.services.EventEmitter$BaseEvent
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.services.EventEmitter$Event
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/calendar/CalendarModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.calendar.CalendarModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.calendar.CalendarModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.calendar.CalendarModule$10
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.calendar.CalendarModule$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.calendar.CalendarModule$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.calendar.CalendarModule$4
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.calendar.CalendarModule$5
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.calendar.CalendarModule$6
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.calendar.CalendarModule$7
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.calendar.CalendarModule$8
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.calendar.CalendarModule$9
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/services/AccelerometerService.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.services.AccelerometerService
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/camera/tasks/BarCodeScannerAsyncTaskDelegate.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.tasks.BarCodeScannerAsyncTaskDelegate
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maskedview/RNCMaskedView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maskedview.RNCMaskedView
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/camera/events/PictureSavedEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.events.PictureSavedEvent
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/SvgViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.SvgViewManager
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/imagemanipulator/arguments/ActionFlip.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.imagemanipulator.arguments.ActionFlip
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/viewpager/event/PageScrollEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.viewpager.event.PageScrollEvent
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/google/signin/GoogleSignInModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.google.signin.GoogleSignInModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.google.signin.GoogleSignInModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.google.signin.GoogleSignInModule$1$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.google.signin.GoogleSignInModule$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.google.signin.GoogleSignInModule$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.google.signin.GoogleSignInModule$4
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.google.signin.GoogleSignInModule$AccessTokenRetrievalTask
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.google.signin.GoogleSignInModule$GoogleSignInActivityEventListener
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/documentpicker/DocumentPickerModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.documentpicker.DocumentPickerModule
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/sensors/SensorServiceSubscription.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.sensors.SensorServiceSubscription
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/filesystem/FileSystemPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.filesystem.FileSystemPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/google/signin/AuthTask.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.google.signin.AuthTask
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/NoopNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.NoopNode
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/facedetector/FaceDetectorUtils.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.facedetector.FaceDetectorUtils
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.facedetector.FaceDetectorUtils$LandmarkId
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/facedetector/FaceDetectorModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.facedetector.FaceDetectorModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.facedetector.FaceDetectorModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.facedetector.FaceDetectorModule$1$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.facedetector.FaceDetectorModule$1$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.facedetector.FaceDetectorModule$1$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.facedetector.FaceDetectorModule$2
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/interfaces/NotificationPresentationEffect.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.interfaces.NotificationPresentationEffect
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/channels/NotificationsChannelsProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.channels.NotificationsChannelsProvider
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/screens/ScreenStackHeaderSubview.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenStackHeaderSubview
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenStackHeaderSubview$Type
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/facebook/AdOptionsWrapperViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.AdOptionsWrapperViewManager
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.AdOptionsWrapperViewManager$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/handling/SingleNotificationHandlerTask.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.handling.SingleNotificationHandlerTask
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.handling.SingleNotificationHandlerTask$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.handling.SingleNotificationHandlerTask$1$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/facebook/NativeAdLayout.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.NativeAdLayout
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.NativeAdLayout$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapLiteManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapLiteManager
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/ConstantsBinding.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.ConstantsBinding
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/brightness/BrightnessModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.brightness.BrightnessModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.brightness.BrightnessModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.brightness.BrightnessModule$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.brightness.BrightnessModule$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.brightness.BrightnessModule$4
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/speech/SpeechPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.speech.SpeechPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/firebase/analytics/FirebaseAnalyticsModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.firebase.analytics.FirebaseAnalyticsModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.firebase.analytics.FirebaseAnalyticsModule$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/PointerEvents.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.PointerEvents
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/ReanimatedModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.ReanimatedModule
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.ReanimatedModule$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.ReanimatedModule$10
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.ReanimatedModule$11
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.ReanimatedModule$12
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.ReanimatedModule$2
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.ReanimatedModule$3
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.ReanimatedModule$4
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.ReanimatedModule$5
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.ReanimatedModule$6
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.ReanimatedModule$7
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.ReanimatedModule$8
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.ReanimatedModule$9
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.ReanimatedModule$UIThreadOperation
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/updates/UpdatesModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.updates.UpdatesModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.updates.UpdatesModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.updates.UpdatesModule$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.updates.UpdatesModule$3
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/netinfo/BroadcastReceiverConnectivityReceiver.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.netinfo.BroadcastReceiverConnectivityReceiver
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.netinfo.BroadcastReceiverConnectivityReceiver$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.netinfo.BroadcastReceiverConnectivityReceiver$ConnectivityBroadcastReceiver
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/SizeReportingShadowNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.SizeReportingShadowNode
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/adapters/react/services/CookieManagerModule.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.services.CookieManagerModule
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/SvgViewModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.SvgViewModule
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.SvgViewModule$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.SvgViewModule$1$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.SvgViewModule$1$1$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.SvgViewModule$1$2
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sharing/SharingFileProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sharing.SharingFileProvider
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapCircle.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapCircle
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/barcodescanner/utils/Frame.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.utils.Frame
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/LinearGradientView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.LinearGradientView
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/facedetector/FacesDetectionCompleted.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.facedetector.FacesDetectionCompleted
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/haptics/HapticsPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.haptics.HapticsPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/barcodescanner/BarCodeScannerView.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannerView
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannerView$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/contacts/ContactsModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.contacts.ContactsModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.contacts.ContactsModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.contacts.ContactsModule$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.contacts.ContactsModule$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.contacts.ContactsModule$4
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.contacts.ContactsModule$5
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapLocalTile.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapLocalTile
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapLocalTile$AIRMapLocalTileProvider
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/FusedLocationSource.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.FusedLocationSource
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.FusedLocationSource$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.FusedLocationSource$2
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/slider/ReactSlidingStartEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.slider.ReactSlidingStartEvent
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/adapters/react/views/ViewManagerAdapterUtils.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.views.ViewManagerAdapterUtils
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/screens/ScreenDismissedEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenDismissedEvent
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/NotificationSerializer.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.NotificationSerializer
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapGradientPolylineManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapGradientPolylineManager
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/location/LocationRequestCallbacks.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.LocationRequestCallbacks
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/safeareacontext/SafeAreaProviderManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.safeareacontext.SafeAreaProviderManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.safeareacontext.SafeAreaProviderManager$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/random/RandomModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.random.RandomModule
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/interfaces/ActivityProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.ActivityProvider
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/react/RNGestureHandlerButtonViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerButtonViewManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerButtonViewManager$ButtonViewGroup
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/facebook/NativeAdLayoutManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.NativeAdLayoutManager
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/payments/stripe/Errors.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.Errors
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/screens/ScreenStackHeaderConfigViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenStackHeaderConfigViewManager
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/medialibrary/MediaLibraryModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.MediaLibraryModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.MediaLibraryModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.MediaLibraryModule$1$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.MediaLibraryModule$1$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.MediaLibraryModule$MediaStoreContentObserver
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/barcodescanner/BarCodeScanner.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.barcodescanner.BarCodeScanner
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/medialibrary/GetAssets.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.GetAssets
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maskedview/RNCMaskedViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maskedview.RNCMaskedViewManager
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/keepawake/KeepAwakeModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.keepawake.KeepAwakeModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/taskManager/exceptions/TaskRegisteringFailedException.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.taskManager.exceptions.TaskRegisteringFailedException
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/medialibrary/GetQueryInfo.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.GetQueryInfo
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/NativeMethodsHelper.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.NativeMethodsHelper
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/facedetector/ImageDimensions.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.facedetector.ImageDimensions
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/location/exceptions/LocationSettingsUnsatisfiedException.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.exceptions.LocationSettingsUnsatisfiedException
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/KeyboardModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.KeyboardModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/channels/InvalidVibrationPatternException.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.channels.InvalidVibrationPatternException
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/permissions/Permissions.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.permissions.Permissions
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/errors/CodedRuntimeException.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.errors.CodedRuntimeException
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/barcodescanner/scanners/ExpoBarCodeScanner.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.scanners.ExpoBarCodeScanner
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/sharedelement/RNSharedElementDrawable.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementDrawable
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementDrawable$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementDrawable$ViewType
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/PanGestureHandler.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.PanGestureHandler
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/react/RNGestureHandlerEventDataExtractor.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerEventDataExtractor
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/player/PlayerDataControl.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.player.PlayerDataControl
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/TextProperties.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TextProperties
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TextProperties$AlignmentBaseline
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TextProperties$Direction
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TextProperties$FontStyle
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TextProperties$FontVariantLigatures
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TextProperties$FontWeight
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TextProperties$TextAnchor
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TextProperties$TextDecoration
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TextProperties$TextLengthAdjust
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TextProperties$TextPathMethod
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TextProperties$TextPathMidLine
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TextProperties$TextPathSide
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.TextProperties$TextPathSpacing
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/sensors/SensorService.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.sensors.SensorService
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/notifications/channels/ScopedNotificationsChannelsProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.notifications.channels.ScopedNotificationsChannelsProvider
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/facedetector/ExpoFaceDetector.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.facedetector.ExpoFaceDetector
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/sharedelement/RNSharedElementTransitionItem.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementTransitionItem
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/google/signin/GoogleSignInPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.google.signin.GoogleSignInPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/contacts/models/ExtraNameModel.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.contacts.models.ExtraNameModel
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/services/PedometerService.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.services.PedometerService
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/datetimepicker/RNTimePickerDialogModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.datetimepicker.RNTimePickerDialogModule
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.datetimepicker.RNTimePickerDialogModule$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.datetimepicker.RNTimePickerDialogModule$TimePickerDialogListener
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/transitions/TransitionUtils.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.transitions.TransitionUtils
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/react/RNGestureHandlerRootHelper.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerRootHelper
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerRootHelper$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerRootHelper$RootViewGestureHandler
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/viewshot/RNViewShotModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.viewshot.RNViewShotModule
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.viewshot.RNViewShotModule$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.viewshot.RNViewShotModule$CleanTask
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapHeatmap.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapHeatmap
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/player/datasource/CustomHeadersOkHttpDataSourceFactory.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.player.datasource.CustomHeadersOkHttpDataSourceFactory
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/camera/tasks/PictureSavedDelegate.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.tasks.PictureSavedDelegate
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/categories/ExpoNotificationCategoriesModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.categories.ExpoNotificationCategoriesModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.categories.ExpoNotificationCategoriesModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.categories.ExpoNotificationCategoriesModule$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.categories.ExpoNotificationCategoriesModule$3
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/sensors/services/GravitySensorService.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.sensors.services.GravitySensorService
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/admob/PublisherBannerView.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.PublisherBannerView
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.PublisherBannerView$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.PublisherBannerView$2
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/JSONNotificationContentBuilder.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.JSONNotificationContentBuilder
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/SymbolView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.SymbolView
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/AVPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.AVPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/payments/stripe/StripePackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.StripePackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/webbrowser/DeferredClientActionsQueue.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.webbrowser.DeferredClientActionsQueue
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/camera/events/FacesDetectedEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.events.FacesDetectedEvent
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/admob/AdMobInterstitialAdModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobInterstitialAdModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobInterstitialAdModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobInterstitialAdModule$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobInterstitialAdModule$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobInterstitialAdModule$4
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobInterstitialAdModule$5
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobInterstitialAdModule$5$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobInterstitialAdModule$Events
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/barcodescanner/BarCodeScannerViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannerViewManager
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannerViewManager$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannerViewManager$Events
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/netinfo/types/ConnectionType.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.netinfo.types.ConnectionType
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/react/RNGestureHandlerRegistry.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerRegistry
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/constants/ConstantsService.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.constants.ConstantsService
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/MapUtils.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.MapUtils
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/videothumbnails/VideoThumbnailsModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.videothumbnails.VideoThumbnailsModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.videothumbnails.VideoThumbnailsModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.videothumbnails.VideoThumbnailsModule$GetThumbnailAsyncTask
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/presentation/ExpoNotificationPresentationModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.presentation.ExpoNotificationPresentationModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.presentation.ExpoNotificationPresentationModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.presentation.ExpoNotificationPresentationModule$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.presentation.ExpoNotificationPresentationModule$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.presentation.ExpoNotificationPresentationModule$4
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/PathParser.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.PathElement
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.PathParser
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapCalloutManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapCalloutManager
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/barcodescanner/BarCodeScannerSettings.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannerSettings
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapMarker.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapMarker
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapMarker$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapMarker$2
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/modules/AccelerometerModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.modules.AccelerometerModule
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/PointerEventsSpec.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.PointerEventsSpec
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/payments/stripe/util/Converters.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.util.Converters
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/sensors/services/RotationVectorSensorService.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.sensors.services.RotationVectorSensorService
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/webbrowser/WebBrowserPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.webbrowser.WebBrowserPackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/GestureUtils.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.GestureUtils
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/presentation/ExpoNotificationPresentationEffectsManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.presentation.ExpoNotificationPresentationEffectsManager
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/picker/ReactDialogPickerManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.picker.ReactDialogPickerManager
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/slider/ReactSliderPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.slider.ReactSliderPackage
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/facedetector/FaceDetectorProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.facedetector.FaceDetectorProvider
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/lineargradient/LinearGradientManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.lineargradient.LinearGradientManager
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/internal/ExponentAsyncStorageModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.internal.ExponentAsyncStorageModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/facebook/MediaViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.facebook.MediaViewManager
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/player/PlayerData.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.player.PlayerData
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.player.PlayerData$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.player.PlayerData$ErrorListener
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.player.PlayerData$FullscreenPresenter
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.player.PlayerData$LoadCompletionListener
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.player.PlayerData$SetStatusCompletionListener
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.player.PlayerData$StatusUpdateListener
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.player.PlayerData$VideoSizeUpdateListener
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/taskManager/repository/TasksPersistence.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.taskManager.repository.TasksPersistence
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/sensors/services/AccelerometerService.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.sensors.services.AccelerometerService
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/payments/stripe/dialog/AddCardDialogFragment.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.dialog.AddCardDialogFragment
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.dialog.AddCardDialogFragment$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.dialog.AddCardDialogFragment$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.dialog.AddCardDialogFragment$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.dialog.AddCardDialogFragment$3$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.dialog.AddCardDialogFragment$4
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.dialog.AddCardDialogFragment$5
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/medialibrary/DeleteAlbums.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.DeleteAlbums
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/firebase/core/FirebaseCoreInterface.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.firebase.core.FirebaseCoreInterface
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/ExponentDevBundleDownloadListener.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.ExponentDevBundleDownloadListener
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/cognito/RNAWSCognitoPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.cognito.RNAWSCognitoPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/video/FullscreenVideoPlayerPresentationChangeProgressListener.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.FullscreenVideoPlayerPresentationChangeProgressListener
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/analytics/amplitude/AmplitudePackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.analytics.amplitude.AmplitudePackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapModule
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapModule$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapModule$1$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapModule$2
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapModule$3
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapModule$4
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapModule$5
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/services/BaseService.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.services.BaseService
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/react/RNGestureHandlerRootInterface.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNGestureHandlerRootInterface
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/arguments/MapArguments.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.arguments.MapArguments
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/permissions/PermissionsResponseListener.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.permissions.PermissionsResponseListener
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/sensors/services/GyroscopeService.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.sensors.services.GyroscopeService
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/taskManager/repository/ManagedTasksAndEventsRepository.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.taskManager.repository.ManagedTasksAndEventsRepository
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/gl/utils/FileSystemUtils.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.gl.utils.FileSystemUtils
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/video/VideoManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.VideoManager
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.VideoManager$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.VideoManager$1$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.VideoManager$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.video.VideoManager$VideoViewCallback
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/AndroidErrorHandler.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.AndroidErrorHandler
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/payments/stripe/util/InitializationOptions.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.util.InitializationOptions
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sqlite/SQLiteModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sqlite.SQLiteModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sqlite.SQLiteModule$ReadOnlyException
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sqlite.SQLiteModule$SQLitePluginResult
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/presentation/builders/ChannelAwareNotificationBuilder.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.presentation.builders.ChannelAwareNotificationBuilder
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/GestureHandler.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.GestureHandler
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/handling/NotificationsHandler.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.handling.NotificationsHandler
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/contacts/CommonProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.contacts.CommonProvider
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/ReadableObjectUtils.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.ReadableObjectUtils
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.ReadableObjectUtils$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/viewpager/event/PageSelectedEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.viewpager.event.PageSelectedEvent
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/datetimepicker/RNDate.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.datetimepicker.RNDate
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/categories/serializers/ExpoNotificationsCategoriesSerializer.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.categories.serializers.ExpoNotificationsCategoriesSerializer
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/appauth/Serialization.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.appauth.Serialization
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/constants/ConstantsPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.constants.ConstantsPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/contacts/models/BaseModel.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.contacts.models.BaseModel
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/barcodescanner/utils/ImageDimensions.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.utils.ImageDimensions
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/backgroundfetch/BackgroundFetchModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.backgroundfetch.BackgroundFetchModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/payments/stripe/StripeModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.StripeModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.StripeModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.StripeModule$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.StripeModule$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.StripeModule$4
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.StripeModule$5
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.StripeModule$6
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/barcodescanner/BarCodeScannerViewFinder.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannerViewFinder
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannerViewFinder$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannerViewFinder$BarCodeScannerAsyncTask
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannerViewFinder$BarCodeScannerAsyncTask$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/FlingGestureHandler.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.FlingGestureHandler
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.FlingGestureHandler$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/battery/PowerSaverReceiver.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.battery.PowerSaverReceiver
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/camera/events/FaceDetectionErrorEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.events.FaceDetectionErrorEvent
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/ImageView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.ImageView
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.ImageView$1
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/errors/ModuleNotFoundException.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.errors.ModuleNotFoundException
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/camera/events/BarCodeScannedEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.events.BarCodeScannedEvent
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/interfaces/NotificationPresentationEffectsManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.interfaces.NotificationPresentationEffectsManager
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/safeareacontext/SafeAreaViewLocalData.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.safeareacontext.SafeAreaViewLocalData
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/facedetector/tasks/FileFaceDetectionTask.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.facedetector.tasks.FileFaceDetectionTask
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/appauth/AppAuthBrowserActivity.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.appauth.AppAuthBrowserActivity
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.appauth.AppAuthBrowserActivity$OAuthResultEvent
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/presentation/builders/ExpoNotificationBuilder.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.presentation.builders.ExpoNotificationBuilder
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/lottie/LottieAnimationViewPropertyManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.lottie.LottieAnimationViewPropertyManager
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/medialibrary/GetAlbum.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.GetAlbum
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/sensors/ScopedGyroscopeService.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.sensors.ScopedGyroscopeService
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/ScopedUIManagerModuleWrapper.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.ScopedUIManagerModuleWrapper
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/constants/ConstantsInterface.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.constants.ConstantsInterface
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/adapters/react/ReactPackagesProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.ReactPackagesProvider
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/netinfo/AmazonFireDeviceConnectivityPoller.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.netinfo.AmazonFireDeviceConnectivityPoller
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.netinfo.AmazonFireDeviceConnectivityPoller$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.netinfo.AmazonFireDeviceConnectivityPoller$ConnectivityChangedCallback
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.netinfo.AmazonFireDeviceConnectivityPoller$PollerTask
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.netinfo.AmazonFireDeviceConnectivityPoller$Receiver
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/viewpager/ViewPagerFragment.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.viewpager.ViewPagerFragment
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/viewpager/FragmentAdapter.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.viewpager.FragmentAdapter
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/adapters/react/services/EventEmitterModule.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.services.EventEmitterModule
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.services.EventEmitterModule$1
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.services.EventEmitterModule$2
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/ParamNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.ParamNode
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/GlyphPathBag.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.GlyphPathBag
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/ValueNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.ValueNode
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/RNSVGMarkerPosition.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.ElementType
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.Point
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RNSVGMarkerPosition
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RNSVGMarkerPosition$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RNSVGMarkerType
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.SegmentData
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/datetimepicker/RNDateTimePickerPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.datetimepicker.RNDateTimePickerPackage
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/adapters/react/views/SimpleViewManagerAdapter.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.views.SimpleViewManagerAdapter
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapFeature.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapFeature
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/GestureHandlerRegistryImpl.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.GestureHandlerRegistryImpl
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapOverlay.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapOverlay
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/webbrowser/InternalCustomTabsConnectionHelper.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.webbrowser.InternalCustomTabsConnectionHelper
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/NotificationsPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.NotificationsPackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/transitions/Scale.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.transitions.Scale
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.transitions.Scale$1
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/adapters/react/services/FontManagerModule.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.adapters.react.services.FontManagerModule
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/OperatorNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$10
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$11
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$12
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$13
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$14
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$15
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$16
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$17
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$18
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$19
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$2
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$20
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$21
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$22
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$23
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$24
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$25
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$26
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$27
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$28
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$29
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$3
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$30
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$31
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$4
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$5
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$6
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$7
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$8
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$9
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$CompOperator
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$Operator
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$ReduceOperator
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.OperatorNode$SingleOperator
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/services/MagnetometerUncalibratedService.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.services.MagnetometerUncalibratedService
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/camera/events/CameraReadyEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.events.CameraReadyEvent
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/medialibrary/RemoveAssetsFromAlbum.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.RemoveAssetsFromAlbum
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/datetimepicker/RNDatePickerDialogModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.datetimepicker.RNDatePickerDialogModule
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.datetimepicker.RNDatePickerDialogModule$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.datetimepicker.RNDatePickerDialogModule$DatePickerDialogListener
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/AirMapHeatmapManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.AirMapHeatmapManager
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/datetimepicker/RNDatePickerDialogFragment.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.datetimepicker.RNDatePickerDialogFragment
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.datetimepicker.RNDatePickerDialogFragment$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/netinfo/NetInfoPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.netinfo.NetInfoPackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/slider/ReactSliderEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.slider.ReactSliderEvent
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/modules/BaseSensorModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.modules.BaseSensorModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/location/exceptions/LocationUnavailableException.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.exceptions.LocationUnavailableException
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/notifications/NotificationsModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.notifications.NotificationsModule
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.notifications.NotificationsModule$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.notifications.NotificationsModule$2
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.notifications.NotificationsModule$3
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/print/FileUtils.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.print.FileUtils
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/InvalidArgumentException.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.InvalidArgumentException
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/datetimepicker/RNDismissableDatePickerDialog.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.datetimepicker.RNDismissableDatePickerDialog
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/av/player/SimpleExoPlayerData.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.av.player.SimpleExoPlayerData
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/test/ExponentTestNativeModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.test.ExponentTestNativeModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/location/LocationPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.LocationPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/webbrowser/InternalCustomTabsActivitiesHelper.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.webbrowser.InternalCustomTabsActivitiesHelper
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/medialibrary/CreateAsset.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.CreateAsset
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.CreateAsset$1
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/ScopedFilePermissionModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.ScopedFilePermissionModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/crypto/CryptoModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.crypto.CryptoModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/google/signin/Serialization.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.google.signin.Serialization
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/FunctionNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.FunctionNode
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/react/RNViewConfigurationHelper.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNViewConfigurationHelper
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.react.RNViewConfigurationHelper$1
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/interfaces/LifecycleEventListener.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.LifecycleEventListener
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/ExportedModule.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.ExportedModule
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.ExportedModule$MethodInfo
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/videothumbnails/VideoThumbnailsPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.videothumbnails.VideoThumbnailsPackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/ScreenOrientationModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.ScreenOrientationModule
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.ScreenOrientationModule$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.ScreenOrientationModule$Orientation
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.ScreenOrientationModule$OrientationLock
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/camera/events/CameraMountErrorEvent.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.events.CameraMountErrorEvent
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/RotationGestureHandler.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.RotationGestureHandler
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.RotationGestureHandler$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/barcodescanner/BarCodeScannerProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannerProvider
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/intentlauncher/IntentLauncherPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.intentlauncher.IntentLauncherPackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/nodes/FinalNode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.nodes.FinalNode
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/imagemanipulator/arguments/ActionCrop.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.imagemanipulator.arguments.ActionCrop
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/ads/admob/AdMobBannerView.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobBannerView
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobBannerView$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobBannerView$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.ads.admob.AdMobBannerView$3
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/badge/ExpoBadgeManager.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.badge.ExpoBadgeManager
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/sharedelement/RNSharedElementContent.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementContent
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/scheduling/NotificationScheduler.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.scheduling.NotificationScheduler
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.scheduling.NotificationScheduler$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.scheduling.NotificationScheduler$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.scheduling.NotificationScheduler$3
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.scheduling.NotificationScheduler$4
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/RemoteMessageSerializer.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.RemoteMessageSerializer
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/netinfo/NetInfoModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.netinfo.NetInfoModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/channels/NotificationChannelGroupManagerModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.channels.NotificationChannelGroupManagerModule
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/UpdatesBinding.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.UpdatesBinding
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/analytics/segment/SegmentModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.analytics.segment.SegmentModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/modules/MagnetometerUncalibratedModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.modules.MagnetometerUncalibratedModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/payments/stripe/util/Action.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.payments.stripe.util.Action
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/ScopedFirebaseCoreService.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.ScopedFirebaseCoreService
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/application/ApplicationPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.application.ApplicationPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sensors/services/GravitySensorService.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sensors.services.GravitySensorService
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/battery/BatteryModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.battery.BatteryModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.battery.BatteryModule$BatteryState
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/universal/av/SharedCookiesDataSourceFactoryProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.universal.av.SharedCookiesDataSourceFactoryProvider
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/ViewBox.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.ViewBox
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/NativeViewGestureHandler.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.NativeViewGestureHandler
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/localauthentication/LocalAuthenticationPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.localauthentication.LocalAuthenticationPackage
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/taskManager/repository/TasksAndEventsRepository.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.taskManager.repository.TasksAndEventsRepository
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.taskManager.repository.TasksAndEventsRepository$AppConfig
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/maps/ViewAttacherGroup.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.maps.ViewAttacherGroup
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/MapHelper.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.MapHelper
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/appauth/AppAuthConstants.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.appauth.AppAuthConstants
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.appauth.AppAuthConstants$Error
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.appauth.AppAuthConstants$HTTPS
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.appauth.AppAuthConstants$Props
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/gesturehandler/GestureHandlerInteractionController.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.gesturehandler.GestureHandlerInteractionController
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/datetimepicker/RNConstants.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.datetimepicker.RNConstants
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/intentlauncher/IntentLauncherModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.intentlauncher.IntentLauncherModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/taskManager/repository/BareTasksAndEventsRepository.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.taskManager.repository.BareTasksAndEventsRepository
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/ForeignObjectView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.ForeignObjectView
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/localauthentication/LocalAuthenticationModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.localauthentication.LocalAuthenticationModule
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.localauthentication.LocalAuthenticationModule$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.localauthentication.LocalAuthenticationModule$2
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.localauthentication.LocalAuthenticationModule$3
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/core/interfaces/RegistryLifecycleListener.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.core.interfaces.RegistryLifecycleListener
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/facedetector/ExpoFaceDetectorProvider.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.facedetector.ExpoFaceDetectorProvider
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/safeareacontext/SafeAreaViewMode.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.safeareacontext.SafeAreaViewMode
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/DefinitionView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.DefinitionView
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/RenderableView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableView
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.RenderableView$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/taskManager/TaskManagerPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.taskManager.TaskManagerPackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/CircleView.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.CircleView
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/sensors/services/BarometerService.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.sensors.services.BarometerService
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/sms/SMSModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.sms.SMSModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/notifications/notifications/channels/serializers/ExpoNotificationsChannelSerializer.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.notifications.notifications.channels.serializers.ExpoNotificationsChannelSerializer
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/screens/ScreenStack.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenStack
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenStack$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenStack$2
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenStack$3
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenStack$4
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/camera/tasks/BarCodeScannerAsyncTask.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.camera.tasks.BarCodeScannerAsyncTask
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/constants/ConstantsModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.constants.ConstantsModule
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/barcodescanner/BarCodeScannerPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.BarCodeScannerPackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/reanimated/Scheduler.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.Scheduler
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.reanimated.Scheduler$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/gl/GLPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.gl.GLPackage
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/sensors/services/MagnetometerUncalibratedService.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.sensors.services.MagnetometerUncalibratedService
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/taskManager/exceptions/TaskNotFoundException.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.taskManager.exceptions.TaskNotFoundException
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/barcodescanner/scanners/GMVBarCodeScanner.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.barcodescanner.scanners.GMVBarCodeScanner
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/svg/GlyphContext.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.svg.GlyphContext
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/sharedelement/RNSharedElementModule.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementModule
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementModule$1
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/haptics/arguments/HapticsVibrationType.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.haptics.arguments.HapticsVibrationType
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/backgroundfetch/BackgroundFetchPackage.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.backgroundfetch.BackgroundFetchPackage
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/safeareacontext/SafeAreaUtils.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.safeareacontext.SafeAreaUtils
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/sharedelement/RNSharedElementTransitionManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.sharedelement.RNSharedElementTransitionManager
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/medialibrary/MediaLibraryConstants.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.MediaLibraryConstants
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.MediaLibraryConstants$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.medialibrary.MediaLibraryConstants$2
abi39_0_0/org/unimodules/interfaces/filesystem/FilePermissionModuleInterface.java
 abi39_0_0.org.unimodules.interfaces.filesystem.FilePermissionModuleInterface
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/components/lottie/LottieAnimationViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.lottie.LottieAnimationViewManager
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.lottie.LottieAnimationViewManager$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.lottie.LottieAnimationViewManager$2
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.lottie.LottieAnimationViewManager$2$1
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.lottie.LottieAnimationViewManager$3
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.lottie.LottieAnimationViewManager$4
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.components.lottie.LottieAnimationViewManager$5
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/taskManager/TaskManagerInternalModule.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.taskManager.TaskManagerInternalModule
abi39_0_0/host/exp/exponent/modules/api/screens/ScreenViewManager.java
 abi39_0_0.host.exp.exponent.modules.api.screens.ScreenViewManager
abi39_0_0/expo/modules/location/utils/TimeoutObject.java
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.utils.TimeoutObject
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.utils.TimeoutObject$1
 abi39_0_0.expo.modules.location.utils.TimeoutObject$TimeoutListener
